Clearer instructions for migrating to prometheus plugin (#14443)
DataDog/integrations-core: rabbitmq/README.md

- [Collecting metrics with RabbitMQ monitoring tools][16]
- [Monitoring RabbitMQ performance with Datadog][17]

### Migrating to Prometheus Plugin

When migrating from the *Management Plugin* to the *Prometheus Plugin* check the metrics that you rely on most. Some may have new names, some may not be available anymore.

> Look up your metrics in [this table][23]. If a metric's description contains an `[OpenMetricsV2]` tag, then it is available in the *Prometheus Plugin*.

Author: Some metrics [have the same name in both legacy and newer versions](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/1ce4de5d8e8b980af36c02ef39f59b8a78bde574/rabbitmq/metadata.csv#L51), so I think *only* is an overstatement here.

- [Collecting metrics with RabbitMQ monitoring tools][16]
- [Monitoring RabbitMQ performance with Datadog][17]

### Migrating to Prometheus Plugin

> When migrating from the *Management Plugin* to the *Prometheus Plugin* check the metrics that you rely on most. Some may have new names, some may not be available anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When migrating from the Management Plugin to the Prometheus Plugin, check the metrics that you rely on most because some of them might have new names or might not be available anymore.
```

> Look up your metrics in [this table][23]. If a metric's description contains an `[OpenMetricsV2]` tag, then it is available in the *Prometheus Plugin*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look up your metrics in [this table][23]. If a metric's description contains an `[OpenMetricsV2]` tag, then it is available in the Prometheus Plugin.
```

> Metrics only available in the *Management Plugin* have no tags in their descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics available only in the Management Plugin do not have tags in their descriptions.
```
